SAN-562 Updating LFP references to PPS (#28)
companieshouse/lfp-error-reporter: README.md

> # lfp-error-reporter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Penalty Payment Error Reporter
```

### Environment Variables
Environment variables required to execute the lambda:

Name                                             | Description                                                                                              | Examples
------------------------------------------------ |----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------
MONGODB_PPS_ERR_REP_TRANSACTIONS_COLLECTION      | The name of the collection within the error reporting database from which to fetch penalty payment data. | 'payable_resources'

> MONGODB_PPS_ERR_REP_DATABASE                     | The name of the database containing the collection from which to fetch penalty payment data.             | 'late_filing_penalties'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PPS_MONGODB_DATABASE                     | The name of the database containing the collection from which to fetch penalty payment data.             | 'financial_penalties'
```
